hello how about blasini good today
I bring you this tutorial of how pixels
to the image that you want for
example this would be the image of me
profile the profile and good picture has 200
in width by 200 in height can see
It is completely made blocks of
Minecraft
It is an excellent portrait and good
I will teach how to do it let's go to the tutorial
ok the first thing we have to have are
these files that would be the kraft sprint
foods and the ms editor that would be the map
editor and the image of the image that you
you want pixel and ok
well first we open the brand
this is to increase the memory in the
descriptions I'll leave in case you want to see
the tutorial that is once opened in
macramé forming a player that was the
new world an objective mode the
options of the world we put super flat and
we give you create the world but we hope
yard
ok once I load the world
we hope that we will surrender less
we place here below
qatar blocks
wait a good moment now we give
we must go to save and return to the menu
principal
Well now what we do is verify
to see if our world
perfect 4-4 and the amount we got
from here
we opened the kraft spray
where says run spain full
the most serious we look for the image that
we want it would be choose a transform
would this be the measures that I recommend
it's 200 x 200 that you mentioned that you can
rendering puts in sight and good
we have been among the biggest I put it
better treated in the image so it looks
we give know here they know where you say you know
that there is more
we chose a saved route that
would the desk be a name for
example
dominique to save we close here
we close here that it's over with this
folder now normal for the editor map
a map edited in 56 was very expensive
let's see the world
the new world that we create right now
and there we are, let's see here where it says
import
we look where we keep this clinic
April
we place here
see an excellent portrait we give import
control
we have here where you know or
simply the improvement and once
controls and we expect you to load the
bar quickly
we close alternate 4
now the only thing left is to open
mime
the world that we would have created
and good as you can see it was created
perfectly the
the pixelated of transformers
in a perfect portrait
what the rendering has to be
traveling all
all the box and about rendering
to be a very good portrait
a picture of different textures like
trunks of wool and all that stuff
and if we move away we can see
exactly the same photo I had of
although there are some transformers to the
tutorial remember upload all the
Monday and Friday and see you in a
next metlife occasion if you liked it
and chau